Low everyone and welcome to this project and this project we're going to do some fun kind of activities.
We're going to use our Web cam to actually draw our kind of live sketch you know which is pretty pretty
interesting pretty fun project.
Again I'm going to use some open CV concepts here and we're going to as well see how can we use the
web cam will you use it to extract information out of the actual environment that we have right now.
All right.
Okay.
So first we're going import our library so we're going to put metal clip.
We have done that before several times really imploded for plotting to name poor none pye's MP name.
There's one open CV function first.
And then here.
We're going to simply create two functions.
One of them is call of cartoon.
Actually have done that before in the stylization using open CV and all going to as well use what we
call it Camie edge detection.
Kenny edgett action is actually a very famous kind of edge action technique.
Can be used for all a face it a cognition for self driving cars for so many different applications.
I'm not going to dig into a lot of mathematics of how can you actually implement Kenny.
What do you mean by Kenny.
But the whole idea is to see how can we actually use it.
So the whole idea that we wanted to define the different edges within the image so we have let's say
an image of a face within a specified the boundaries of the face or the features of the face using what
we called the caney edge detection or eye.
OK.
So these are the kind of the two functions are going to be implementing khartoum and lie detection Kenny.
And then he had not going to simply utilize our Web cam to actually accept the data show our two image
camera image and show our cartoon and show our life section as well.
OK.
Let's what is through for us.
So first of all going to find out cartoon that would be our function the function would simply going
to take our image.
OK.
So the first question is why it's taking image why is not taking video.
Simply put he was defining stickling image.
But we're going to call that function several times.
What it really is simply is just to see these images in a state of shock.
So going to college several times send it to a separate separate images are going to appear as a video.
OK.
So what you're going to do here I'm going to call ketu a dot stylization which you have done before.
I'm going to pass along our image colours which is our image you know separate images going to our venemous
team.
He's not going to specify our sigmas and sigmar yet again that number ranges from zero to 200 range
from zero to 1.
Just specify how smooth you wanted your image to be.
And then that function just going to turn out opport image which is simply the opposite coming would
form from our function.
Well that's our our first function.
Again it's very simple.
Let's run it.
And then the next step is they're going to apply Kenny edge action.
Okay.
Kenny h.s. again it's another function that simply is open CV CV 2. cvt Coller firsts for Kenny injection.
Think the image which is coming out from our webcam varied from colour to greyscale first and then going
up like any edge detection it's better to apply any section on a basic image compared to a coloured
image.
So we're going to specify our two sessions.
We were threshold one and we were special two.
OK.
And this is kind of you know tuning Prema they can be can be used to increase or keep what edges do
we need.
How accurate the algorithm would look like.
I can assure you how can we how can we achieve these values to get like better results as we move forward.
So first we're going to convert an image we've done that before from from college to great talking to
you CV to dot College.
B.g. are stand for blue green and red to green along our image column.
And they'll go to our imagery first.
Next step is going to use open the Kenny function so CV 2. can get a pass along our image.
GREY to the greyscale image along with there are two specials.
Which as you know Lord of the upper threshold you can set it to 30.
I'm going to do as well how can we tune this premieres all they'll get out of turn out Kenny.
And then they're all going to be turned out of Old Forge.
And that's pretty much the function is going to be used to detect our edges.
All right sounds great.
So I have two functions one to do stylisation of to go kind of curve to the image and the second one
we're going to be fought Kenny edge action.
All right.
So let's see how can we utilize our Web cam which is very powerful.
Very interesting.
So what we're going to what we're going to do here is we're going to specify again using open CV.
We're going to use wine to our own and which reached are going to be running all the time.
We're going to do we're going to use cap OK which is simply capital treid can be used to capture our
Web cam so you can actually if you have a web cam are going to be used to capture the webcam.
And they're basically functional going to be turn determine.
Return simply is a boolean that tells you okay if there's been successful or not so if it's one then
it has been successful.
If it's zero that means that successful frame is the actual image that's actual images you know a video
stream that you're getting all the time.
All right.
That's the first step.
OK.
The next step is going to simply put just call our function.
Let's say going to call us to first call car khartoum.
Pass along our train which is the images we're going to be getting.
We're just getting open CV and sure they're going to show.
Show your CV to Don Imus show.
He We're going to show the title which is light edge detection and he did get to show the actual processed
image which is our cartoon bracket frame which is simply the call for the function so he would get to
call the function to pass along the image.
OK.
Or the frame and the function going to turn our output image and image you're going to be listed here
simply and then within a plotted out a way to show that right away.
So then I'm going to be showing our image right away.
All right.
At the same time I wanted to the original image too so I wanted to show the actual processed image along
with the actual image we were going to see a web cam video that region and video and the actual frame
without any processing.
So this one without any processing.
This one with the actual cartoon application after we apply the costume function to it.
And then he was going to say if our CV to the weeky equal to 13 15 is actually the enter sign into a
keyboard entry.
So when you press enter the exit loop that means going to break.
We're going to break simply.
Why.
Why loop.
And then we're going to do can release them you're going to leave our camera and then destroy all images.
And that's the objective of what we were going to perform.
Right.
OK it sounds great.
So first of all Lester on the second one around the edge section looks good.
And then to specify the camera running the camera before around the camera what you're going to do we're
going to change the lighting a bit and just to show you the actual effects.
All right.
And.
OK let's let's let's get some let's see how can you actually do that.
OK.
All right so let's take a look at the cartoon effect first.
He would change the lighting a little bit just to show you can see.
So once we run this then you will see that the kemeny the actual camera has started.
And then you will see that we have here where we have two images.
So we have our original image which is you know basically myself.
And he would have our kind of you know cartoon view for where the image actually looks.
Looks pretty looks pretty interesting.
So you guys can do it yourself and then you can try different different lighting conditions as well
you can change the values of the threshold to the show with a cause to an effect.
That's one of them.
All right.
What are you going to do instead as well you're going to run.
Kenny edgett section.
So let's actually start there.
I'm going to start it's going to release the camera.
So once you press into that we're going to release it.
Well let's let's let's actually do Coronel.
Let's clear.
Let's first interrupt.
Ed let's start things clean up.
In Oregon to do here instead of enabling that line which is a quote to me one.
I'm going to this e-book this one I'm sorry but this evil this one and let's enable this one it's going
to be for Kenya just action.
Okay let's on Run ground defined for two and define the action.
Let's do this.
Our rights.
Okay.
That's pretty interesting.
So guess I can see here that's me here and there is my objection or kind of you know like the cartoon
effect.
It's pretty interesting as again I can see here.
Here are the edges you know are appearing you know and if you can can draw you a sketch you can even
develop like an app using Python here showing all the features so all the details.
And that's pretty much how can you use your web cam to actually pime you're a cartoon image.
If you wanted to entertain as well you edges using Open cvn using Python I hope you enjoyed that section
and see you in the next section and have fun with this.